113-nextjs/02-nextjs-hello-world/README.md, before:

# my-app1

Ref: 
- https://nextjs.org/learn/foundations/from-react-to-nextjs/getting-started-with-nextjs

This is a hello-world nextjs app. 

This hello-world example only contains a single file of code! Which is the index.js file!

Notice, unlike ordinary react, there is no index.html


```bash
npm init -y
npm install react react-dom next
```

You also need to create a folder called `pages` and put the index.js inside it. 

```
npm run dev
```

Notice, unlike ordinary react, in nextjs we don't have a `public` folder containing a `index.html` file contains a root div tag. 

That gets generated by nextjs behind the scenes, from the `index.js` file, as part of server-side-rendering.

So to create faq.html, or about.html. we need to have the corresponding `faq.js` and `about.js` files and put them in the `pages` folder. 

Hence, compared to standard [create-react-app](https://reactjs.org/docs/create-a-new-react-app.html#recommended-toolchains), which is limited
to creating a "single-page application", where that page gives the impression 
that it's a "multi-page application", next.js offers a proper multi-page application.


Let's look at the index.js:

```javascript
import { useState } from 'react';

// this is an internal component
function Header({ title }) {
    return <h1>{title ? title : 'Default title'}</h1>;
}

// this is the exported component. 
// Since this is also the "default" react component, this is the first component that gets
// executed when a user visits the homepage
// We named this component "HomePage", however you can give it any name you want, it doesnt matter. 
// The only thing that's important is that it's set as the default export, as mentioned here - https://nextjs.org/learn/basics/navigate-between-pages/pages-in-nextjs
export default function HomePage() {
    const names = ['Ada Lovelace', 'Grace Hopper', 'Margaret Hamilton'];

    const [likes, setLikes] = useState(0);

    function handleClick() {
        setLikes(likes + 1);
    }

    return (
        <div>
            <Header title="Develop. Preview. Ship." />
            <ul>
                {names.map((name) => (
                    <li key={name}>{name}</li>
                ))}
            </ul>

            <button onClick={handleClick}>Like ({likes})</button>
        </div>
    );
}
```

Commit message:

next hello world demo is now working

113-nextjs/02-nextjs-hello-world/README.md, after:

# my-app1

Ref: 
- https://nextjs.org/learn/foundations/from-react-to-nextjs/getting-started-with-nextjs

Note, I am using next version `12.2.3`, because the newer versions are a little buggy. 


This is a hello-world nextjs app. 

This hello-world example only contains a single file of code! Which is the index.js file!

Notice, unlike ordinary react, there is no index.html


```bash
npm init -y
npm install react react-dom next
```

You also need to create a folder called `pages` and put the index.js inside it. 

```
npm run dev
```

Notice, unlike ordinary react, in nextjs we don't have a `public` folder containing a `index.html` file contains a root div tag. 

That gets generated by nextjs behind the scenes, from the `index.js` file, as part of server-side-rendering.

So to create faq.html, or about.html. we need to have the corresponding `faq.js` and `about.js` files and put them in the `pages` folder. 

Hence, compared to standard [create-react-app](https://reactjs.org/docs/create-a-new-react-app.html#recommended-toolchains), which is limited
to creating a "single-page application", where that page gives the impression 
that it's a "multi-page application", next.js offers a proper multi-page application.


Let's look at the index.js:

```javascript
import { useState } from 'react';

// this is an internal component
function Header({ title }) {
    return <h1>{title ? title : 'Default title'}</h1>;
}

// this is the exported component. 
// Since this is also the "default" react component, this is the first component that gets
// executed when a user visits the homepage
// We named this component "HomePage", however you can give it any name you want, it doesnt matter. 
// The only thing that's important is that it's set as the default export, as mentioned here - https://nextjs.org/learn/basics/navigate-between-pages/pages-in-nextjs
export default function HomePage() {
    const names = ['Ada Lovelace', 'Grace Hopper', 'Margaret Hamilton'];

    const [likes, setLikes] = useState(0);

    function handleClick() {
        setLikes(likes + 1);
    }

    return (
        <div>
            <Header title="Develop. Preview. Ship." />
            <ul>
                {names.map((name) => (
                    <li key={name}>{name}</li>
                ))}
            </ul>

            <button onClick={handleClick}>Like ({likes})</button>
        </div>
    );
}
```
